README.md, before:

# Scripts - research papers
Repository of scripts used in my research papers.

* [tdx_brazil](tdx_brazil)
in this directory are the scripts ans associated data (csv files, etc) of the paper:
Grohmann, C.H. 2018. 
Evaluation of TanDEM-X DEMs on selected Brazilian sites: comparison with SRTM, ASTER GDEM and ALOS AW3D30
submitted to Remote Sensing of Environment, 212C:121-133.  
https://doi.org/10.1016/j.rse.2018.04.043


* [Grohmann_2016_ISPRS_GDEMs_Ultras.py](Grohmann_2016_ISPRS_GDEMs_Ultras.py)  
script for  
Grohmann, C.H. 2016.  
Comparative Analysis of Global Digital Elevation Models and Ultra-Prominent Mountain Peaks.  
ISPRS Annals of Photogrammetry, Remote Sensing and Spatial Information Sciences. III-4:17-23.  
http://dx.doi.org/10.5194/isprs-annals-III-4-17-2016

* [Grohmann_2015_CAGEO_derivatives.py](Grohmann_2015_CAGEO_derivatives.py)  
script for  
Grohmann, C.H. 2015.  
Effects of spatial resolution on slope and aspect derivation for regional- scale analysis.  
Computers & Geosciences (77): 111-117.  
http://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.cageo.2015.02.003

Commit message:

added files and readme for garopaba scripts

README.md, after:

# Scripts - research papers
Repository of scripts used in my research papers.

* [garopaba_als_sfm_tls](garopaba_als_sfm_tls)
in this directory are the scripts and associated data (shp files, etc) of the paper:
Grohmann,C.H.; Garcia,G.P.B.,; Affonso,A.A; Albuquerque,R.W., 2020.  
Dune migration and volume change from airborne LiDAR, terrestrial LiDAR and Structure from Motion--Multi View Stereo  
submitted to ISPRS Journal of Photogrammetry and Remote Sensing.  
preprint: 


* [tdx_brazil](tdx_brazil)
in this directory are the scripts and associated data (csv files, etc) of the paper:
Grohmann, C.H. 2018.  
Evaluation of TanDEM-X DEMs on selected Brazilian sites: comparison with SRTM, ASTER GDEM and ALOS AW3D30  
Remote Sensing of Environment, 212C:121-133.  
https://doi.org/10.1016/j.rse.2018.04.043
preprint: https://arxiv.org/abs/1709.05016

* [Grohmann_2016_ISPRS_GDEMs_Ultras.py](Grohmann_2016_ISPRS_GDEMs_Ultras.py)  
script for  
Grohmann, C.H. 2016.  
Comparative Analysis of Global Digital Elevation Models and Ultra-Prominent Mountain Peaks.  
ISPRS Annals of Photogrammetry, Remote Sensing and Spatial Information Sciences. III-4:17-23.  
http://dx.doi.org/10.5194/isprs-annals-III-4-17-2016

* [Grohmann_2015_CAGEO_derivatives.py](Grohmann_2015_CAGEO_derivatives.py)  
script for  
Grohmann, C.H. 2015.  
Effects of spatial resolution on slope and aspect derivation for regional- scale analysis.  
Computers & Geosciences (77): 111-117.  
http://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.cageo.2015.02.003
